
How to build:
gcc main.c -o cybersecurityProject


How to run:
./cybersecurityProject inputFile

where the input file should be a file, where the machine-instructions are listed in ASCII, one instruction per line, examples can be found in the commands folder. 
The output will be in a new file named "outputfile.txt"

I first generated one file of unknown Instructions on a PC with Intel i5-6300U and one on a PC with AMD Phenom II X4 945 whith the sandsifter tool (without prefixes).
Teh commands folder contains the result of this generation. The file cmdsNOPREFIXjustIntel contains just Intel instructions, the file cmdsNOPREFIXjustAMD just AMD instructions, and the file cmdsNOPREFIXboth contains instructions, that where generated by both PC's, so it contains the intersection.

My programm now executes this instructions, and tries to find out what they so, so it looks if they modify some registers or if they dereference registers. If yes, this will be written in the output file.
So i runned my programm with all the 3 files on each PC, the results are in the resultsAMD and resultsIntel folders, respectively.

Interesting is, that both Architectures gave the same results for the Intersection-file (cmdsNOPREFIXboth), after dissassembling some of this instructions, i saw that must are just prefetch instructions that where somehow generated by the sandsifter.
While the Intel CPU executes most of it's own generated instructions and even many of the AMD-generated instructions, the AMD-CPU somehow raises SIGILL for all own generated instructions and all Intel-generated instructions (this is, why the respectivly output files are empty).


The folder with the python files contains just some helping python files.




